# cplusplus-week-7
Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. // the project here is our first project, for the Chadatech clock. In short, the clock was meant to display a 24 hour and a 12 hour clock, and allow users the option to view the clock, as well as be increased by appropriate incrememnts (up to 59 per minute and second category, and the clocks incremented based on if they are 12 or 24 hour clocks). This project was designed to solve the problem of having international clients who are confused by time written in 12 hour format, so the issue of scheduling is fixed by creating and using 24 hour clocks.
What did you do particularly well? // I think I did a pretty good job of being thorough in my clock creation, and making sure that code had enough comments than even a layperson would have a good idea of what all my lines of code meant and what they were for. 
Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? // With more time and practice, I'm sure I could enhance my code by optimizing it and cutting back on any unecessary extra commands and using less memory.
Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? // I tried to regularly look back at what we did in zybooks, as well as googling things that I got stuck on and perusing forums like StackOverflow. Zybooks helped me figure out what I should have been doing, and the forum posts helped answer some questions I couldn't quite puzzle through after checking there.
What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? // Having an understanding of C++ is one of the biggest transferable takeaways, because I didn't really know anything about it before. But also, knowing how to create a clock is cool and can be helpful to learn in other languages to understand their syntax and white space. The project is relatively simple while using enough code to be able to comprehend other languages if you build something similar in them. 
How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? // I used a pretty heavy amount of comments, pretty simple code that isn't so complex I'll forget it or be confused when I look at it, and because it's simple beginner code it can be expanded on for alternate clock options or for other timekeeping ability.
